Update uninstall and upgrade collector for Windows (OTel) (#6616)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/install-collector/windows.md

```

The script is going to perform the following operations:

* Install or upgrade the operation by placing the latest version in `C:\Program Files\Sumo Logic\OpenTelemetry Collector\bin`.
* Get [static configuration](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector/blob/main/examples/sumologic.yaml) and place it as `C:\ProgramData\Sumo Logic\OpenTelemetry Collector\config\sumologic.yaml`
* Create user configuration directory (`C:\ProgramData\Sumo Logic\OpenTelemetry Collector\config\conf.d`) with `common.yaml` file, which will contain installation token
* Create `OtelcolSumo` (`Sumo Logic OpenTelemetry Collector`) service

#### Script Options

| Name | Description | Takes Value |
|:--|:--|:--|
| `-InstallationToken` | Installation token | Yes |

> | `-Tags`  Sets tags for the collector. This argument should be a map. | Yes, for example `@{"host.group" = "default"; "deployment.environment" = "default"}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-Tags` |  Sets tags for the collector. This argument should be a map. | Yes, for example `@{"host.group" = "default"; "deployment.environment" = "default"}` |
```

> ## Uninstall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstalling the collector
```

> The recommended way to uninstall the OpenTelemetry Collector depends on how you installed it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The uninstall process depends on how the collector was originally installed.
```

> ### Install script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ### Using the install script
```

> If you installed the Collector with the install script, you can use the command below to uninstall the Collector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Collector was installed using the install script, run the following command to uninstall it:
```

```bash
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope Process -Force; [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol -bor 3072; $uri = "https://download-otel.sumologic.com/latest/download/install.ps1"; $path="${env:TEMP}\install.ps1"; (New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadFile($uri, $path); . $path -Uninstall
```

> You can also use the flag `-Purge` to remove all existing configurations as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To also remove all existing configurations, add the `-Purge` flag:
```

```bash
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope Process -Force; [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol -bor 3072; $uri = "https://download-otel.sumologic.com/latest/download/install.ps1"; $path="${env:TEMP}\install.ps1"; (New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadFile($uri, $path); . $path -Uninstall -Purge
```

> ### Manual step-by-step uninstall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manual uninstall
```

1. Go to **Add or remove programs**.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/windows-uninstall-1.png')} alt="Windows uninstallation 1" width="550" />
1. Find **OpenTelemetry Collector** and click **Uninstall**.<br/>  <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/windows-uninstall-2.png')} alt="Add or remove programs" width="550" />
1. Confirm the uninstallation.<br/>  <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/windows-uninstall-3.png')} alt="Uninstall" width="350" />

## Upgrading the Collector

> First, you need to upgrade the Collector version. The exact steps depend on how it was installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upgrade process depends on how the collector was originally installed.
```

> ### Install Script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the install script
```

> Running the install script below will simply upgrade the collector to the latest version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following script to automatically upgrade the Collector to the latest version:
```

```bash
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope Process -Force; [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol -bor 3072; $uri = "https://download-otel.sumologic.com/latest/download/install.ps1"; $path="${env:TEMP}\install.ps1"; (New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadFile($uri, $path); . $path -Upgrade
```

> ### Manual step-by-step Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manual upgrade
```

> If you installed the Collector manually, the simplest way to upgrade is to follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Collector was installed manually, upgrade it by completing the following steps:
```

> 1. [Uninstall the Collector manually](#manual-step-by-step-uninstall)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Uninstall the Collector manually](#manual-step-by-step-uninstall).
```

> 1. [Install the Collector again with a new version](#manual-step-by-step-installation). Installing the collector manually will upgrade the binary in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Reinstall the Collector with a new version](#manual-step-by-step-installation). Reinstalling will upgrade the binary in place.
```

## Update your Config

> After an upgrade, make sure your OpenTelemetry Collector configuration is up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After upgrading, verify that your OpenTelemetry Collector configuration is up to date.
```

> To see changes in upstream OpenTelemetry components, refer to the [core changelog](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases) and [contrib changelog](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To see changes in upstream OpenTelemetry components, refer to the [core changelog](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases) and [contrib changelog](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> List of breaking changes specific to Sumo Logic Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector can be found [here](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector/blob/main/docs/upgrading.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For breaking changes specific to the Sumo Logic Distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector, see the [upgrade guide](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector/blob/main/docs/upgrading.md).
```

        crypto/internal/backend/cng_windows.go:34 +0x85
```

> This means you are running the Sumo Logic Otelcol FIPS binary in a non-FIPS environment. The FIPS binary is built in `requirefips` mode, which means the collector only works in a FIPS-compliant environment and will fail to start otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means you are running the Sumo Logic Otelcol FIPS binary in a non-FIPS environment. The FIPS binary is built using the `requirefips` mode, which means the collector only works in a FIPS-compliant environment and will fail to start otherwise.
```

Reviewer: in - means that the requirefips exists within or operates in that mode
using - means that the requirefips is a tool or flag used during compilation
